Release/176.0.0 (#4527)
MetaMask/core: packages/message-manager/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [10.0.1]

### Changed

- Bump `@metamask/utils` to `^9.0.0`, `@metamask/rpc-errors` to `^6.3.1` ([#4516](https://github.com/MetaMask/core.git/pull/4516))

> - Add type annotation to `EventEmitter` ([#4510](https://github.com/MetaMask/core.git/pull/4510))

Reviewer: This entry is categorized as a "Fixed" in the original PR.

```suggestion

### Fixed

- Add `EventEmitter` type annotation to the `hub` class field of `AbstractMessageManager`. ([#4510](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4510))
  - This ensures that `hub` is not inferred to be a generic type, which would break types for downstream consumers.
```

Reviewer: As a general note, PR titles and commit messages often omit a lot of context. We should make sure our entries are comprehensible for readers who don't know which part of the codebase we're discussing or what motivations or expected effects there were for any given change. 

In the case of the original entry here, the reader would have probably ended up thinking that we've altered the `EventEmitter` type itself.

Author: I included the entry as written above for more context.
